# Experiments on program generation from problem reformulation in programming contexts with generative machines.


Each repository represents an experiment. 

A repository is a Java project to be cloned from an IDE (for instance, Eclipse or Intellij).

The project structure contains 3 main directories:

**input directory**: it contains the problem (problem-program.txt) and its reformulation (problem-program-reformulation.txt). Both files have been used as prompts. 

**output directory**: it contains the reasoning generated from the problem (reasoning.txt) and the reasoning generated from the problem reformulation (reasoning-reformulation.txt). If the interested user want to reproduce the reasonings, s/he must supply the problem or its reformulation to the generative machine.

**src directory**: it contains all files generated by the generative machine, in particular, a Main class containing a main method for executing the program generated from the problem and a Main2 class containing a main method for executing the program generated from the problem reformulation. 

NOTE: If the user want to regenerate the whole experiment, s/he must supply the problem or its reformulation to the generative machine and then copy the files generated by this to the src directory. This regeneration usually entails the annoying task of changing the name of the generated Java classes and all their references in the source code in order to match the references occurring in the main methods. 

The project directory (i.e. project root) contains a set of files called **program(num).txt**. Each of these files represents a test. For executing it, the file name (for instance, program1.txt) should be supplied as the input parameter to the the main method. Advice: -The easier form of executing a test is by defining a run configurations in the IDE-. 

Finally, the project directory contains a file called **result.txt** which reports the experiment results.

<!--

**Here are some ideas to get you started:**

🙋‍♀️ A short introduction - what is your organization all about?
🌈 Contribution guidelines - how can the community get involved?
👩‍💻 Useful resources - where can the community find your docs? Is there anything else the community should know?
🍿 Fun facts - what does your team eat for breakfast?
🧙 Remember, you can do mighty things with the power of [Markdown](https://docs.github.com/github/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax)
-->
